2014-11-10
Caspar Lant
Professor Fraad
English 1101

	<title>
	
I've had an exhausting week, and my mother is badgering me. She is insiting that I dictate to her, rather than type up my own ideas. 

Here she goes:
Gov Christie retains a 


Last Thursday, Dr. Craig Spencer was rushed to Belleview hospital on 28th street, having being diagnosed with ebola. He had recently returned from treating patients with the disease in Guninea, West Africa for /Doctors Without Boarders/. This event triggered responses from three different authorities as to if and how one should quarantine potential ebola patients. 


the federal government, as well as the general scientific community, adheres to the position that ebola is only transmitted when a patient is displaying symptoms. Therefore, there is no reason to quarantine any healthcare worker reeturning from West Africa prior to their exibiting symptoms. At the other extreme, Republican Governor Chris Christie of New Jersey ordered that those returning from areas in which ebola is present would be subject to mandtory quarantine. 

According to Christie's policy, a healthcare worker who has been treating patients but has no symptoms must be quarantined at home.  

Caught in the middle, is New York's own Governor Cuomo. The Cuomo 

"Travelers who have had no contact with ebola would not be confined to the home, but would still have contact twice weekly with 

The unfortunate Kaci Hicox was caught in Christie's snare. A forehead scan to indicate that she had a fever, and she was immediately quarantined in a plastic tent in a hospital in New Jersey. Infuriated, she hired a civil-right's lawyer, claiming that her treatment was inhumane, and thereby violated her constitutional rights. Christie claimed to have no regrets about the implications of the pocliy. These events revealed the greater power that states have in matters of quarantine in relation to the Federal govenment. Indeed, their powers are so great that some lawyers cautioned that Ms. Hicox may loose the case. 

*The issue that [over-the-top] quarantine measures would discorage the flow of volunteer healthcare workers. 

Mr. Cuomo denied that presure from the White House had made him reevaluate his descision, making them less severe. 

Christie: "I absolutely have no second thoughts about it, he said on Fox News" "
"wanted a broad, tough policy, that would ease peoples' fears" --> pandering to public fear don't make a good governor!

Cuomo: "" ,taking a middle ground between the White House and Christie with the statement: "My personal practice is to err on the side of caution"

DeBlasio: "Ms. Hicox has been treated with direspect..." [insert in part about Kaci's plans for legal action]


 
